docs(overlay): update overlay documentation (#1858)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/overlay_scroll.md

> ## Scroll strategies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scroll Strategies
```

> Scroll strategies determines how the scrolling will be handled in the provided `IgxOverlayService`. There are four scroll strategies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scroll strategy determines how the scrolling is handled in the provided `IgxOverlayService`. There are four scroll strategies:
```

1. **NoOperation** - does nothing. 

> 2. **Block** - the component do not scroll with the window. The event is canceled. It doesn't scroll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Block** - the event is canceled and the component does not scroll with the window.
```

3. **Close** - uses a tolerance and closes an expanded component upon scrolling if the tolerance is exceeded.
4. **Absolute** - scrolls everything.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Usage
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Usage
```

> ### Dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Dependencies
```

> ## Demos 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Demos 
```
